Logging in to bandit26 from bandit25 should be fairly easy… The shell for user bandit26 is not /bin/bash, but something else. Find out what it is, how it works and how to break out of it.

- - -

If you `cd ~` into the home directory and `ls` you can see that it gives us an RSA key.\
You can try to type:\
`ssh -i bandit26.sshkey bandit26@localhost`\
It will connect but it will automatically end the session.

From the directions, the shell for user **bandit26** is not **/bin/bash** but something else.  So it is NOT using bash.

Then type:\
`less /etc/passwd`
- `/etc/passwd` is a directory is found in all UNIX like OS.  This is a place that contains information for of the users that are on the system.
- use [this](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-list-users-in-linux/) for more information.

Now you can use arrows to scroll down and find **bandit26**.\
You can see there's a section for bandit26 that has a different entry for the shell: `/usr/bin/showtext`\
It's not **/bin/bash** so what is that?

You can type `cat /usr/bin/showtext` and outputs:
```
#!/bin/sh

export TERM=linux

more ~/text.txt
exit 0
```
- So notice how it says `#!/bin/sh`.  It is NOT a bash script but it is a shell script.  
- In the initial step, as soon as you `ssh -i bandit26.sshkey bandit26@localhost` this is the **script** that will run.
    - it runs the `more ~/text.txt` command, which is the bandit26 art that you see, and then automatically exits and disconnects you from bandit26

The hint here is how to use the `more` command.\
So when you type `man more` you'll see the **v command**.\
The **v command** starts up an editor at the current line.  And this is what we'll use. 

- - -

There's a trick and it's not normally used in CTF but used for this specific scenario.
1. Make your terminal physically small.
    - we do this to so that the `more` command will need to buffer
2. then type: `ssh -i bandit26.sshkey bandit26@localhost`
    - if the connection automatically disconnects, make your terminal even smaller and try to do step 2 again.
3. then type: `v`
    - this will put you into vi editor
4. you can then re-adjust the physical size of your terminal to a bigger more comfortable size
5. go into **normal mode** in vi.  Which all you do to get into that mode is you press the `esc` key on your keyboard.
6. then type: `:set shell=/bin/bash`
    - this will let you open up a terminal as **bandit26** as the user
7. then type: `cat /etc/bandit_pass/bandit26`

- - -

The password for level 26:\
`5czgV9L3Xx8JPOyRbXh6lQbmIOWvPT6Z`

