There is a **setuid binary** in the home directory that does the follow:\
- it makes a connection to **localhost** on the port **you specify** as a commandline argument.
- it then reads a line of text from the connection and compares it to the password in the previous level (bandit20).
    - if the password is correct, it will transmit the password for the next level (bandit21).

NOTE: try connecting to your own network **daemon** to see if it works as you think
- a daemon is a computer program that runs continuously in the background, rather than being under the direct control of an interactive user.

- - - 

If you just type:\
`./suconnect`\
It outputs: 
```
Usage: ./suconnect <portnumber>
This program will connect to the given port on localhost using TCP. If it receives the correct password from the other side, the next password is transmitted back.
```
Emphasis on program will connect to the given port on **LOCALHOLST using TCP**.

If you then type:\
`nc -l 1234`
- This is basically running its own server on localhost on port 1234 and doing its own thing.
- -l : stands for listening
- 1234 is the port you want to listen into.  It can be anything you want, in this case.

- - -

Make a new terminal now and connect again to bandit20.\
`ssh bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220 -l bandit20`\
Now that, in the previous step, we have our first teminal listening on port 1234.  In our new terminal we can connect to the first terminal by typing:\
`./suconnect 1234`


Now that the 2nd terminal is connected, put in the bandit20 password in the **first terminal** and it will give you the password for level 21.


The password for level 21:\
`gE269g2h3mw3pwgrj0Ha9Uoqen1c9DGr`
